OPPOFindX6Pro Flash Toolbox by Ku'an @ A Thief - How to save bricks from unlocking BL failed black bricks

This tutorial is suitable for saving bricks in the case of unlocking BL failed black bricks.

1. First follow the document "How to manually press the key to enter 9008 in the first screen state of the black screen or card state" to confirm that you can enter 9008 (in general, you can enter, most of the problems are not entered, try a few more times).
2. Download and open the latest version of the Omegagen 9008 tool: https://syxz.lanzoub.com/b01fiq7sb(f65u)
3. Select the model OPPOFindX6Pro, and select the function "Test Sending Guidance". At this time, the tool starts to wait for the 9008 device to connect, connect the mobile phone to the computer to enter the 9008, and wait for the sending guide to be successful. Then don't restart, keep your phone connected, go back to the main menu.
4. Select the function "Flash in - Specify Partition", the first column on the left side of the partition list is the sequence number, the second column is the partition name, find the sequence number corresponding to the OCDT partition, and enter the sequence number.
5, and you will be prompted to select the file to be flashed. Please select the oldest oplus file in the binbakocdt folder of the OPPOFindX6Pro Flash Toolbox. This folder is an automatic readback backup before unlocking, if there is no content in the folder, it means that you did not use this toolbox when unlocking.
5, then it will prompt whether to send the guide, select 2 not to send. After the flashing is successful, select Do Not Restart and return to the partition list.
6. Continue to flash the ABL partition according to this method. The file is in the binbakabl folder of the OPPOFindX6Pro Flashing Toolbox.
7. If it is a black brick caused by unlocking failure, it can be solved by the above methods. If the problem persists, check if there are multiple OPLUS and ABL files in binbakocdt and binbakabl, and try flashing in other OPLUS and ABL files if there are.

OPPOFindX6Pro Flash Toolbox Download: https://syxz.lanzoub.com/b01firuna (Password: 8o8k)
